# Etsy
Software Engineering Internship for summer 2018 (summer after sophomore year)

## Process
Behavioral/technical phone screen -> onsite

## How Far I Got
Onsite

## Behavioral/Technical Phone Screen
Got asked some small knowledge-based questions, as well as a few (rather
unusual) behavioral questions.

## Onsite 
Cancelled because signed with another company

## Onsite Logistics
Company would've paid for travel to/from the office from/to campus, as well as
a hotel.

## Notes from the Phone Screen
Checkout team for 2.5 years
- product team that owns the review page for checkout
- is full stack, spends most of time in middle backend
- not much time in database, most of the time massaging an old system into doing what they want
- AV testing framework very structured
- lot of internal tools in place to run experiments/treatments (2 weeks - 1 month)
- wild new thing called Multilayer where you can keep a persistent control over the long period of time
- used to be, an incentive to make an account was to buy things. so made an exeperiment to monitor that
- a lot of people think Etsy should become really good at recommending stuff

PHP (most of backend), mySQL (rarely), jQuery (require), Sass, foundations CSS
(not like Semantic), React, Java

Culture is changing constantly (mostly bc new CEO and CTO in May), lot of
transition, people kinda freak out about the transition. A lot of Etsy couples.
Everybody has their thing. A lot of musicians, crafty people, etc. EtsySchool
program. 
